we're making cookies we're making
cookies but we're not even turning the
oven on I can't tell you how excited
this recipe makes me my giant one pan
cookie is deliciously gooey the easiest
you'll ever make and so much fun we are
going to fry like really slowly fry our
cookie in a frying pan you're not even
gonna turn the oven on the secret to
making this is be prepared for this fool
proof dough grab one bowl for dry
ingredients another for wet got my egg
gonna crack that straight in there
almond extract and then vanilla extract
give it a whisk and we're already onto
the dry starting with 225 grams of plain
flour 1/2 a teaspoon of bicarbonate of
soda and half a teaspoon of salt and
then we're kind of ready this is the bit
that I love about making these cookies
because you get that instant warm cookie
so let's put that cooker on 150 grams of
unsalted butter straight in and they
want to melt that butter down have your
smallest rink on a low heat
adding soft brown sugar just makes for a
kouya cookie dough seems absolutely
bonkers to do it in a frying pan but it
saves time firstly it's one big giant
cookie you know I'm not having to make
up a big cookie dough batter and then
dividing it up and then using a baking
tray getting in the oven all in one
frying pan if I'm doing less washing up
I'm a happy girl just add your dry
ingredients and simply bring together
look at that that's already starting to
look like cookie dough all we've got to
do is add our effort just be a little
bit speedy when you're doing this but
can you see can you see it happening
cookie dough in your frying pan the
quickest cookie dough you'll ever make
done and now my instant chocolate chips
every single time it's these lovely
colorful chocolate sugar coat in two
pieces
I'm just gonna dot them around look at
that that is what every single cookie in
the whole wide world should look like
this makes me so happy
here's that point when you like nod you
stop stop there's no more space left on
the cookie we keep going and it
genuinely is no more slate left stop
okay put them down right so stick that
on a low heat I'm gonna go about my
business and there will be a fully
cooked warm cookie in 20 minutes
you're welcome my speedy scrubbing
colorful cookie great fun whether you're
big or small
come on have a look at what made you
look cookie cookie nice mother it smells
a bit chocolate and vanilla it's gonna
be chewy should I cut it like a pizza oh
look at guys it's a little bit magical
right think of the rainbow what Cook has
been putting the cookie that's what we
did we put the cook into cookie it's
just so gooey and nice in the middle
mommy looks as a chocolate it's melting
you make like a giant cookie you like
your massive panels are you gonna get a
walk-in this week yeah yeah well you got
a walking that's like that big we could
fry it and then make a massive one that
be
you
[Music]